hey everyone chef Jason Hill here and
today I'm going to prepare a traditional
Eggs Benedict
with homemade hollandaise sauce and
Canadian bacon let's get started first
thing we're gonna do is make up the
hollandaise sauce first we need to melt
down nine tablespoons of butter I'm
gonna put my little sauce pot on a low
heat because we don't want to burn the
butter I just want it to melt if you
break your butter up into little chips
and it tends to melt a little faster
okay we're just about there if you want
you can remove the froth from the top by
skimming it with a spoon but it's not
necessary so we're gonna take three
large eggs we need the egg yolk right I
could open this is the messiest part of
the job
there we go there's one yoke and don't
throw out your egg whites you can use
this and make a healthy omelet now we're
just gonna add everything to the blender
except the butter three egg yolks eight
teaspoon of cayenne pepper this really
doesn't give it any heat it just pops
the flavors out 1/2 teaspoon of kosher
salt or sea salt and then a tablespoon
of fresh lemon juice I'll put my lid
back on leaving the vent hole open
drizzle in our butter power on the
machine how cool this display is we're
gonna start on number one if that gets
going
and slowly drizzling the butter from the
top
and that's it
but ER
remove the lid oh my gosh perfect
absolutely perfect hollandaise sauce now
it's time to poach the eggs okay I got a
slow boil going on here you don't want
it to be a rapid boil or your egg will
break apart if you don't have really
fresh eggs to help the egg coagulate as
its cooking add 2 teaspoons of vinegar
and I have a quart of water here and I'm
gonna throw in a pinch of salt and we're
gonna start stirring this to form a
little whirlpool and this will also help
keep the egg intact
okay it's been under just about two
minutes on low I'm gonna scrape away
some of the egg white it's still what
the a go to be runny so take your
slotted spoon and carefully remove your
poached egg for that little perfect
poached egg there um after we poach the
eggs let's go ahead and toast your
English muffin get our pan nice and hot
a little cooking spray I'm just gonna
keep those up but only take us a thirty
seconds
so our sauce is done the eggs are
poached the muffins are toasted Canadian
bacon is sizzling away I think we're
good
all right let's build our Eggs Benedict
get our Canadian bacon on there followed
by our poached eggs our wonderful
homemade hollandaise and for garnish
let's put a little bit of fresh chives
from the garden oh boy pretty amazing
how something so elegant can be done so
easy give this recipe a try you won't be
disappointed this is one of my favorite
things to eat thanks for tubing in
outstanding